[RHACS] Added instructions for Operator upgrade (#58684)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/operator-upgrade-modify-central-custom-resource.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * upgrading/upgrade-operator.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="operator-upgrade-modify-central-custom-resource_{context}"]
= Modifying Central custom resource

[role="_abstract"]

> If you have not configured a default storage class for {product-title-short} that is SSD or high performance, you must update the `Central` custom reource to request persistent storage by creating a persistent volume claim (PVC).

Reviewer: maybe something like request persistent storage for the new Central DB service by...

> If you have not configured a default storage class for {product-title-short} that is SSD or high performance, you must update the `Central` custom reource to request persistent storage by creating a persistent volume claim (PVC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have not configured a default storage class for {product-title-short} that is an SSD or is high performance, you must update the `Central` custom resource to request persistent storage by creating a persistent volume claim (PVC).
```

Not super confident on the "is high performance" tbh.

[NOTE]
====

> Skip this section if you have already configured a default storgae class for {product-title-short}.

Reviewer: storgae -> storage

====

.Procedure

> * Update the sentral custom resource with the following configuration:

Reviewer: sentral -> central

[source,terminal]
----
central:

>       db:

Reviewer: This indentation should just be two spaces

Reviewer: If we want to show the full part of the CR then it should be 
```
spec:
  central:
    db:
```

        isEnabled: Default <1>
        persistence:
          persistentVolumeClaim: <2>
            claimName: central-db
            size: 100Gi
            storageClassName: <optional>
----

> <1> You must not change the value of `IsEnabled` to `Enabled`.

Reviewer: @msugakov The goal was to have the deployment of 4.0 succeed when the user makes the channel switch. Otherwise if the user doesn't have a default storage class, then central-db pvc would not be created. It's not *required* in the sense that the reconciliation of 4.0 may just fail then they'd have to fix the CR to specify persistence settings

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * upgrading/upgrade-operator.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="operator-upgrade-modify-central-custom-resource_{context}"]
= Modifying Central custom resource

[role="_abstract"]

> The Central DB service requires persistent storage. If you have not configured a default storage class for {product-title-short} that is an SSD or is high performance, you must update the `Central` custom resource to request persistent storage for the Central DB service by creating a persistent volume claim (PVC).

Reviewer 3: Once again I'm iterating over this as I try instructions. I noticed that this does **not** **create** a PVC, it **configures** the PVC. Specifically, it configures the storage class for the future PVC, however the PVC does not get created until the ACS is upgraded to 4.0 (or `isEnabled` is changed to `Enabled` which users must not do).

```suggestion
The Central DB service requires persistent storage. If you have not configured a default storage class for the cluster that is an SSD or is high performance, you must update the `Central` custom resource to configure the storage class for the Central DB persistent volume claim (PVC).
```

[NOTE]
====

> Skip this section if you have already configured a default storage class for {product-title-short}.

Reviewer 3: Presence of default storage class can be checked with `oc get storageclasses.storage.k8s.io`. One, if selected, should be marked with `(default)`.

> Skip this section if you have already configured a default storage class for {product-title-short}.

Reviewer: This is correct, the cluster must have a default storage class

> Skip this section if you have already configured a default storage class for {product-title-short}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Skip this section if you have already configured a default storage class for the Central cluster.
```

====

.Procedure
* Update the central custom resource with the following configuration:
[source,terminal]
----
spec:
  central:
    db:
      isEnabled: Default <1>
      persistence:
        persistentVolumeClaim: <2>
          claimName: central-db
          size: 100Gi

>           storageClassName: <optional>

Reviewer: This is my mistake in my docs, but I think we should just have the storage class be specified explicitly to make things simple. cc: @gaurav-nelson
